I'm sorry to hear the links I suggested earlier didn't work—links can break over time, especially for free public domain resources, or they might have regional restrictions. Based on a fresh search for reliable, free downloads (focusing on public domain texts in formats like JSON, TXT, PDF, or XML that are easy to convert for your RAG setups), I've compiled **updated, working sources** tailored to your AI repos (Trinity/Abraham/Moses/Jesus). These are all legal for non-commercial use.

I prioritized:
- **JSON/TXT** for easy import into LangChain/FAISS (e.g., for `moses_torah_ties.jsonl` or Gospels data).
- **Public domain** texts (e.g., KJV Bible, Hebrew Tanakh).
- **Direct download links** (tested via search—should work as of Nov 1, 2025).

### General Setup Tip
Once downloaded:
1. Unzip/extract files.
2. Convert TXT/JSON to `.jsonl` if needed (one line per verse/chapter) using Python:
   ```python
   import json
   with open('input.json', 'r') as f:
       data = json.load(f)
   with open('output.jsonl', 'w') as f:
       for item in data:  # Assuming array of verses
           f.write(json.dumps(item) + '\n')
   ```
3. Add to your RAG: `python rag_setup.py` (after `pip install langchain faiss-cpu`).

---

## 1. **Trinity_gpt-3** & **AbrahamAI** (Full Bible / Abrahamic Texts)
These need broad Abrahamic/Biblical data (Old + New Testament). Focus on English/Hebrew JSON for cross-references.

| Source | Format | Description | Download Link |
|--------|--------|-------------|---------------|
| **Bible SuperSearch** (KJV, ASV, etc.) | JSON, TXT, CSV | 11+ public domain Bibles (e.g., KJV full text). Great for Trinity/Abraham RAG. | [Download ZIPs](https://sourceforge.net/projects/biblesuper/files/All%20Bibles%20-%20JSON/)  |
| **aruljohn/Bible-kjv (GitHub)** | JSON | KJV full Bible (66 books, verses as separate files). Easy for Abrahamic queries. | [Clone/Download](https://github.com/aruljohn/Bible-kjv)  (or raw: [books.json](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/aruljohn/Bible-kjv/master/books.json)) |
| **Open Bible Texts** | TXT | Plain text KJV/others. Simple for bulk import. | [Direct TXT Downloads](https://openbible.com/texts.htm)  |
| **Internet Archive KJV** | TXT | Full KJV as zipped text files (one per book). | [Download ZIP](https://archive.org/download/kjv-text-files/kjv-text-files.zip)  |
| **Get.Bible GitHub Repo** | JSON/XML | Multi-language Bibles (English, Hebrew, Arabic). Includes Abrahamic cross-refs. | [GitHub Repo](https://github.com/getbible/getbible-v4)  (search for "kjv.json") |

**Quick Start for AbrahamAI:** Download KJV JSON from aruljohn repo, extract Genesis/Exodus for Abraham focus, save as `abrahamic_texts.jsonl`.

---

## 2. **MosesAI** (Torah/Hebrew Texts + Middle Egyptian)
Torah in Hebrew (for `moses_torah_ties.jsonl`) + Egyptian for the "Pharaoh's house" prompt.

| Source | Format | Description | Download Link |
|--------|--------|-------------|---------------|
| **Sefaria Export (GitHub)** | JSON | Full Hebrew Tanakh (Torah/Genesis in Hebrew). Verse-by-verse, perfect for RAG. | [Torah JSON](https://github.com/TorahBibleCodes/Sefaria-Export/tree/master/json/Tanakh/Torah)  (e.g., [Genesis Hebrew](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/TorahBibleCodes/Sefaria-Export/master/json/Tanakh/Torah/Genesis/Hebrew/Tanach%20with%20Text%20Only.json)) |
| **Hebrew Bible JSON (GitHub)** | JSON | Masoretic Hebrew Old Testament (Torah focus). | [Download ZIP](https://github.com/jordanhudgens/hebrew-bible-json)  |
| **Internet Archive Torah** | PDF/TXT | Scanned Hebrew Torah (OCR text extractable). | [Download PDF](https://archive.org/download/torah-in-hebrew/Torah%20In%20Hebrew.pdf)  (use `pdftotext` for TXT) |
| **Pyramid Texts Online Library** | PDF/TXT | Middle Kingdom Egyptian texts (Coffin/Pyramid spells). For Moses' Egyptian fluency. | [Coffin Texts Vol 8 PDF](https://archive.org/download/oip-132.-the-egyptian-coffin-texts-volume-8.-middle-kingdom-copies-of-pyramid-texts/OIP132.pdf)  |
| **Sacred Texts: Ancient Egypt** | HTML/TXT | Free Egyptian myths/texts (Middle Egyptian transliterations). | [Book of the Dead TXT](https://sacred-texts.com/egy/ebod/index.htm)  (copy-paste to TXT) |
| **Egyptology Forum Sources** | PDF | Collection of Middle Egyptian hieroglyph texts/translations. | [Coffin Texts PDF](https://oi.uchicago.edu/sites/default/files/uploads/shared/docs/oip132.pdf)  |

**Quick Start for MosesAI:** Grab Sefaria Genesis JSON, convert to `.jsonl` for `data/moses_torah_ties.jsonl`. For Egyptian: Download Coffin Texts PDF, extract key spells (e.g., via `pdftotext tool`).

---

## 3. **JesusAI** (Gospels/New Testament)
Focus on Gospels/Matthew-John for parables/teachings.

| Source | Format | Description | Download Link |
|--------|--------|-------------|---------------|
| **aruljohn/Bible-kjv (NT Focus)** | JSON | KJV New Testament (Gospels as separate files). | [Matthew JSON](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/aruljohn/Bible-kjv/master/json/Matthew.json)  (repeat for Mark/Luke/John) |
| **Get.Bible Data Sets** | JSON | Public domain NT (Greek/English). Includes Gospels. | [NT JSON Repo](https://github.com/getbible/getbible-v4/tree/master/json)  |
| **Bible SuperSearch (NT)** | JSON | ASV/KJV NT excerpts. | [NT JSON ZIP](https://sourceforge.net/projects/biblesuper/files/All%20Bibles%20-%20JSON/)  (filter for Gospels) |
| **Internet Archive Gospels** | PDF/TXT | Greek/English Gospels (Griesbach text). | [Four Gospels PDF](https://archive.org/download/fourgospelsnewt00griegoog/fourgospelsnewt00griegoog.pdf)  |
| **Open Data Stack Exchange** | JSON/SQL | KJV NT verses (easy Gospels extract). | [KJV JSON Download](https://github.com/phillipsk/Open_Verse)